AHMAD WEB WORKS

Complete SEO-Optimised Website Content

Full Website — Master Document

800–1,500 Words Per Page | Rank-Ready Content



Prepared for: Mohd Ahmad

Phone / WhatsApp: +91 9084326728

Domain: ahmadwebworks.com

Total Pages: 26 | All Content SEO-Optimised



PAGE 1: Homepage — ahmadwebworks.com (/)

Title Tag: Expert Website Developer & SEO Services in India | Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description: Ahmad Web Works by Mohd Ahmad offers professional website development, Shopify store setup, SEO, and Google Business Profile optimization for businesses across India. WhatsApp: +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: freelance website developer India, website development services, Shopify developer, SEO expert India, Google Business Profile optimization

Secondary Keywords: business website design, professional web developer, affordable website development India

[ HERO SECTION — H1 ]

Your Business Deserves a Website That Actually Works — Welcome to Ahmad Web Works

Most business websites look decent but do nothing. They sit on the internet, rarely get found on Google, and fail to turn visitors into paying customers. That stops here.

I am Mohd Ahmad — a professional freelance website developer and SEO expert with a proven track record of building websites that rank on Google, load in under 3 seconds, and convert visitors into real business leads. Whether you are a local shop owner in Aligarh, a startup in Delhi, or a growing brand in Mumbai — Ahmad Web Works is your complete digital partner.

From designing your website from scratch to ranking it on the first page of Google, I handle everything so you can focus on running your business. No middlemen. No agencies passing your project around. Just you and me — working directly together toward one goal: growing your business online.

What I Offer — Digital Services Built for Indian Businesses

At Ahmad Web Works, every service is designed to solve a real business problem — not just look good on a screen.

1. Website Development

Your website is your 24/7 salesperson. I build fast, mobile-friendly, and SEO-ready business websites using WordPress and other modern platforms. Every website is designed to load quickly, rank on Google, and guide visitors toward taking action — calling you, filling a form, or messaging you on WhatsApp.

2. Shopify Store Development

Want to sell products online? I build complete Shopify eCommerce stores that are ready to take orders from day one. From product listing and payment setup to mobile optimization and SEO — your Shopify store will be built to sell, not just exist.

3. SEO Services

Search Engine Optimization is the most powerful long-term marketing investment you can make. I offer complete SEO services including keyword research, on-page optimization, technical SEO, local SEO, and content strategy — all designed to bring your business to page 1 of Google and keep it there.

4. Google Business Profile Optimization

If you run a local business, your Google Business Profile is your most valuable free marketing tool. I optimize your profile so it ranks in Google Maps, attracts more calls, and builds trust with potential customers through photos, reviews, and accurate business information.

5. Landing Page Design

Running Google Ads or Facebook Ads? You need a high-converting landing page — not your homepage. I design focused, distraction-free landing pages built around your offer and your target audience, with one clear goal: getting them to contact you.

6. Website Speed Optimization

A slow website kills your rankings and drives visitors away. I diagnose and fix speed issues across WordPress and Shopify websites, improving your Google PageSpeed score, passing Core Web Vitals, and delivering a fast experience that both Google and your visitors love.

7. Website Redesign Services

Is your current website outdated, slow, or not generating leads? I offer complete website redesign services that modernize your site, improve its performance, and rebuild it from the ground up with SEO and conversions at the forefront.

Why Businesses Across India Choose Ahmad Web Works

You Work Directly With Mohd Ahmad

No project managers. No outsourcing. When you contact Ahmad Web Works, you work directly with me — Mohd Ahmad. I personally handle your design, development, SEO, and support. This means faster communication, better quality control, and a more personal experience than any agency can offer.

SEO Built Into Every Website From Day One

Many developers build websites and then hand them over to an SEO agency. At Ahmad Web Works, SEO is baked into the development process from the very beginning. Proper heading structure, fast loading speed, mobile optimization, meta tags, schema markup, and keyword-optimized content — all included as standard.

Fast Delivery Without Cutting Corners

I know your time is valuable. Most business websites are delivered within 7 to 14 working days without compromising on quality. Shopify stores and complex projects have a clear timeline communicated upfront.

WhatsApp-First Communication

I know that Indian business owners prefer quick, convenient communication. That is why I offer full WhatsApp support throughout the project and even after launch. Have a question at 9pm? Just message me.

Transparent Pricing — No Hidden Charges

You will always know exactly what you are paying for before the project begins. No surprise bills, no hidden fees, no scope creep without discussion. Clear pricing, honest timelines, real results.

Results That Last

I do not build websites for the sake of building websites. Every project I take on is measured by one standard: did it help your business grow? Whether that means more leads, more sales, higher Google rankings, or more calls from Google Maps — results are what matter.

Industries I Work With

Over the years, I have worked with businesses across many industries and understand the unique challenges each one faces online. I currently specialize in building websites and digital strategies for:

Coaches and Consultants

Clinics, Doctors, and Healthcare Providers

Restaurants, Cafes, and Food Businesses

Gyms, Fitness Studios, and Personal Trainers

Real Estate Agents, Builders, and Property Agencies

Local Service Businesses — Plumbers, Electricians, Contractors

eCommerce Brands and Product Sellers

Startups and Small Businesses

Not in this list? Do not worry — I work with all types of businesses. If you need a website or SEO, reach out and we will figure out the best approach together.

How the Process Works — Simple and Transparent

Step 1 — Free Consultation

We start with a free conversation on WhatsApp or a call where I learn about your business, your goals, and what you need from your website. No obligation, no pressure.

Step 2 — Proposal and Quote

Based on our conversation, I send you a clear proposal with the scope of work, timeline, and pricing. Everything is in writing so there are no misunderstandings.

Step 3 — Design and Development

Once the project begins, I keep you updated at every stage. You will see designs before they go live and have the opportunity to request revisions.

Step 4 — Review and Launch

Before we go live, you review the complete website and approve it. I then handle the technical launch — setting up hosting, domain, SSL, and all configurations.

Step 5 — Ongoing Support

After launch, I am available on WhatsApp for any support, updates, or changes. You are never left alone after your website goes live.

Frequently Asked Questions

How much does a website cost in India?

Website pricing depends on the type, size, and features required. A basic business website typically starts from a very affordable range, while Shopify stores and custom projects vary based on complexity. Contact Mohd Ahmad on WhatsApp at +91 9084326728 for a free, no-obligation quote.

How long does it take to build a website?

Most standard business websites are completed within 7 to 14 working days. Shopify stores generally take 10 to 20 days. The exact timeline depends on how quickly you can provide content, images, and feedback.

Will my website rank on Google?

Every website I build includes on-page SEO as standard. For ongoing SEO and ranking on competitive keywords, I also offer dedicated SEO service packages. A website built without SEO is like a shop with no signboard.

Do you work with clients outside Aligarh?

Yes. I work with clients across all of India — including Delhi, Noida, Gurugram, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, and Ahmedabad. All communication and project delivery happens remotely via WhatsApp, email, and video calls.

What if I already have a website but want to improve it?

I offer website redesign, speed optimization, and SEO services for existing websites. If your current website is not delivering results, I can audit it and recommend the right course of action.

Do you provide website maintenance after launch?

Yes. I offer post-launch maintenance and update services. Whether you need content updates, plugin updates, or new pages added, I am available to help.

Ready to Take Your Business Online? Let's Talk.

Whether you are starting from scratch or looking to upgrade an underperforming website, Ahmad Web Works is ready to deliver. Join the growing list of Indian businesses that trust Mohd Ahmad for their digital presence.

WhatsApp Now: +91 9084326728

Message: 'Hi Mohd Ahmad, I want to discuss my website project.'





PAGE 2: About Page — /about

Title Tag: About Mohd Ahmad | Professional Freelance Web Developer & SEO Expert — Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description: Meet Mohd Ahmad, the founder of Ahmad Web Works. A professional freelance web developer and SEO expert helping businesses across India build powerful websites and rank on Google. Call: +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: freelance web developer India, professional website designer, Mohd Ahmad web developer

About Ahmad Web Works — Built on Skill, Backed by Results

In a world full of digital agencies that overpromise and underdeliver, Ahmad Web Works was built on a simple but powerful idea: every business in India deserves a professional, high-performing digital presence — without the confusion, delays, and inflated costs that come with traditional agencies.

My name is Mohd Ahmad. I am a professional freelance website developer and SEO expert, and I am the founder, developer, designer, and strategist behind Ahmad Web Works. When you work with me, you work with me directly — not an account manager, not an outsourced team, not a junior developer. Me.

Who Is Mohd Ahmad?

I started my journey in web development out of a deep curiosity about how the internet works and a desire to help businesses succeed online. Over time, that curiosity turned into expertise — and that expertise turned into Ahmad Web Works.

I specialize in website development, Shopify eCommerce, search engine optimization, and Google Business Profile optimization. I have worked with businesses across multiple industries — from local clinics and restaurants in Aligarh to startups and eCommerce brands across India.

My approach is simple: understand your business deeply, build a digital strategy around your specific goals, and execute it with precision. I do not use cookie-cutter templates or generic strategies. Every project is custom-built for the client in front of me.

My Mission

To give every Indian business — big or small, local or national — the digital tools they need to compete, grow, and succeed online. I believe that a great website and strong Google presence should not be a luxury reserved for large corporations with massive marketing budgets. It should be accessible to every business owner who is serious about growth.

That is why I offer transparent pricing, direct communication, and real results — not vanity metrics or empty promises.

What Sets Ahmad Web Works Apart

Direct Founder Involvement

Unlike agencies where your project gets handed off to a junior team member after the sales call, every project at Ahmad Web Works is handled personally by me from start to finish. You get the senior level attention, care, and expertise in every interaction.

SEO-First Development Philosophy

Most developers build websites and treat SEO as an optional extra. I treat SEO as a core part of the development process. Every website I build is structured, coded, and optimized to rank on Google from day one — not as an afterthought.

WhatsApp-First Support

I understand how Indian businesses communicate. That is why I offer WhatsApp as the primary channel for project updates, revisions, support requests, and post-launch queries. Fast, convenient, and always accessible.

Genuine Long-Term Thinking

I am not interested in one-off projects. I want to be your long-term digital partner — the person you call when you need a new landing page for a campaign, when you want to expand your SEO to a new city, or when your website needs a redesign two years from now. Building long-term relationships is the foundation of Ahmad Web Works.

How I Work — My Process

Step 1 — Discovery & Understanding

Every project begins with a deep dive into your business. I want to understand who your customers are, what problems they face, what makes your business different, and what results you want from your website. This discovery phase shapes everything that comes after.

Step 2 — Research & Strategy

I research your competitors, identify the best SEO keywords for your industry and location, and develop a clear content and design strategy. You will know the plan before a single line of code is written.

Step 3 — Design & Development

I design and develop your website with your brand identity, target audience, and business goals in mind. Every element — from typography and color to button placement and page speed — is carefully considered.

Step 4 — SEO Setup & Configuration

Before launch, I set up all on-page SEO elements: title tags, meta descriptions, headings, schema markup, XML sitemap, robots.txt, Google Analytics, and Google Search Console. Your website goes live ready to be indexed and ranked.

Step 5 — Review, Revision & Launch

You review the complete website and I make any revisions you need. Once you are happy, I handle the technical launch on your hosting — domain configuration, SSL certificate, caching, and speed optimization.

Step 6 — Post-Launch Support

After launch, I am available on WhatsApp for questions, updates, and support. I also follow up to check performance, answer any questions, and guide you on next steps for SEO and content.

Technologies I Work With

Website Platforms

WordPress — for business websites, blogs, and service sites

Shopify — for eCommerce and product stores

WooCommerce — for WordPress-based online shops

HTML / CSS / JavaScript — for custom builds

SEO & Analytics Tools

Google Search Console

Google Analytics 4

Yoast SEO / Rank Math

Ahrefs / Ubersuggest for keyword research

Google PageSpeed Insights / GTmetrix

Design Tools

Elementor / Divi for page building

Canva / Figma for design mockups

Adobe Photoshop for image editing

Let's Build Something Great Together

If you are serious about growing your business online, I am serious about helping you get there. Whether you need a brand-new website, an SEO strategy, a Shopify store, or a complete digital overhaul — Ahmad Web Works is ready.

Contact Mohd Ahmad today for a free consultation. WhatsApp: +91 9084326728





PAGE 3: Website Development — /website-development

Title Tag: Professional Website Development Services in India | Fast, SEO-Ready Websites — Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description: Get a custom, fast, and SEO-optimised business website by Mohd Ahmad. Responsive website design for all industries across India. Free consultation. WhatsApp: +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: website development services India, responsive website design, business website developer, professional website India

Secondary Keywords: WordPress website development, custom website India, affordable website development

Professional Website Development Services — Built to Rank, Built to Convert

Your website is not just a digital brochure — it is the most powerful marketing asset your business owns. It works 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, reaching potential customers even when you are asleep. But only if it is built right.

At Ahmad Web Works, I build websites that do three things exceptionally well: they look professional and build instant trust, they load fast and rank on Google, and they guide every visitor toward a clear action — calling you, filling a form, or messaging you on WhatsApp. That is what a real business website should do.

I have helped businesses across India — from small local shops in Aligarh to growing startups in Delhi and Mumbai — establish a powerful online presence through custom website development. Here is everything you need to know about how I build websites and why it works.

What Makes a Great Business Website?

Most websites fail because they focus on looking good and ignore everything else. A truly great business website needs to tick every one of these boxes:

Loads in under 3 seconds on mobile and desktop

Works perfectly on all screen sizes — phones, tablets, and desktops

Ranks on Google for relevant keywords your customers are searching

Has a clear, compelling message that speaks to your target customer

Makes it easy for visitors to contact you — one tap, one click

Builds trust through professional design, testimonials, and social proof

Is secure with HTTPS / SSL encryption

Can be updated and managed easily without technical knowledge

Every website I build at Ahmad Web Works is designed and developed to meet all of these standards as a baseline — not as premium add-ons.

What Is Included in Every Website I Build

Custom Design — No Templates, No Cookie-Cutter Looks

Your website will be designed specifically for your brand, your industry, and your target audience. I do not buy cheap templates and slap your logo on them. Every design decision — colors, fonts, layout, imagery — is made with your customers in mind.

Mobile-First Responsive Design

Over 70% of Indian internet users browse on mobile. Your website must look and work perfectly on a smartphone. I build every website mobile-first, ensuring flawless performance on all devices and screen sizes.

On-Page SEO — Built Into the Website

Every page of your website will be optimized for search engines before it goes live. This includes proper title tags, meta descriptions, H1 and H2 heading structure, keyword-rich content, image alt text, internal linking, and XML sitemap submission to Google Search Console.

Fast Loading Speed

Google uses page speed as a ranking factor. Visitors abandon slow websites. I optimize every website for speed — compressing images, minifying code, enabling browser caching, and using performance-optimized hosting configurations.

WhatsApp Chat Integration

For Indian businesses, WhatsApp is the primary mode of customer communication. I integrate a floating WhatsApp button on every page of your website, making it one tap for any visitor to start a conversation with you.

Lead Capture Forms

Strategic contact and inquiry forms placed at the right points on your website ensure that interested visitors convert into leads — even if they do not want to call or WhatsApp immediately.

Google Analytics & Search Console Setup

I set up Google Analytics 4 and Google Search Console on every website so you can track visitor behavior, traffic sources, and how your website is performing in Google search from day one.

SSL Certificate & Security

Every website goes live with HTTPS encryption, protecting your visitors and your business — and satisfying Google's security requirements for ranking.

CMS — Easy Self-Management

Your website will be built on WordPress or Shopify, giving you a simple dashboard to update content, add new pages, upload images, and manage your site without any technical knowledge.

Types of Websites I Build

Business / Corporate Websites

Multi-page professional websites for businesses of all sizes — featuring a homepage, about page, services, portfolio, testimonials, contact, and more. Built to establish credibility and generate leads.

Local Service Business Websites

Websites for plumbers, electricians, contractors, cleaners, and other local service providers. Optimized heavily for local Google search and Google Maps — so when someone in your city searches for your service, they find you first.

Clinic and Healthcare Websites

Professional, trust-building websites for doctors, clinics, physiotherapists, dentists, and other healthcare providers. Includes doctor profiles, treatment pages, appointment request forms, and local SEO.

Restaurant and Food Business Websites

Beautiful, photo-rich websites for restaurants, cafes, bakeries, and food delivery businesses. Includes digital menu, location and hours, online reservation or WhatsApp ordering, and local SEO.

Portfolio and Personal Brand Websites

Clean, compelling portfolio websites for designers, photographers, writers, artists, consultants, and freelancers who want to showcase their work and attract clients online.

Landing Pages

Single-page, high-converting websites for advertising campaigns, product launches, webinars, or specific offers. Built to drive one action — form submission, call, or WhatsApp message.

My Website Development Process

Phase 1 — Discovery (Day 1–2)

We start with a detailed WhatsApp or video consultation where I understand your business, your target customers, your competitors, and your goals. I ask the right questions so I can build the right website.

Phase 2 — Content & Keyword Planning (Day 2–3)

I research the best keywords for your business and location, and we plan the content for each page of your website. If you need help writing content, I can assist with that too.

Phase 3 — Design (Day 3–6)

I design the layout and visual identity of your website, sending you design previews for review. You provide feedback and I refine until we have a design you love.

Phase 4 — Development (Day 5–12)

I build the website on WordPress or Shopify, implementing the design, adding all content, setting up plugins and functionality, and ensuring perfect mobile responsiveness.

Phase 5 — SEO & Speed Optimization (Day 12–13)

Before launch, I complete all on-page SEO, set up speed optimization, configure Google Analytics and Search Console, and submit the sitemap to Google.

Phase 6 — Review & Launch (Day 13–14)

You do a final review of the complete website. I make any last revisions. Then we go live — I handle all technical aspects of the launch including domain connection and SSL.

Frequently Asked Questions — Website Development

What platform do you build websites on?

I primarily use WordPress for business websites as it is the world's most popular and flexible platform, powering 43% of all websites. For eCommerce, I use Shopify or WooCommerce depending on your needs and budget.

Can I manage the website myself after it is built?

Yes. WordPress and Shopify both have user-friendly dashboards. I provide you with basic training on how to update content, add blog posts, and manage basic settings after launch.

Do you provide content writing for the website?

I provide basic SEO-optimized content for all pages as part of the development. If you need extensive blog content or specialized copywriting, that can be discussed as an add-on.

Will my website work on mobile phones?

Absolutely. Every website I build is fully responsive and tested on multiple mobile devices and screen sizes before launch.

What happens if something breaks after launch?

I am available on WhatsApp for post-launch support. Minor issues are addressed quickly. For ongoing maintenance, I offer monthly maintenance packages.

Do I need to provide hosting?

I can arrange hosting for you or work with your existing hosting provider. I recommend reliable, fast hosting platforms that support good Google PageSpeed scores.

Get Your Business Website Built — Contact Mohd Ahmad Today

If you are ready to stop losing customers to competitors with better websites, now is the time to act. A professional website is not an expense — it is an investment that pays for itself in leads, sales, and credibility.

WhatsApp Mohd Ahmad at +91 9084326728 and let us get started on building your perfect business website.





PAGE 4: Shopify Development — /shopify-development

Title Tag: Shopify Store Development in India | Expert Shopify Developer — Ahmad Web Works by Mohd Ahmad

Meta Description: Launch or upgrade your online store with expert Shopify development by Mohd Ahmad. Complete Shopify setup, theme customization, product loading, and SEO. WhatsApp: +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: Shopify store development India, ecommerce website developer, Shopify expert India, Shopify store setup

Expert Shopify Store Development — Launch Your Online Store and Start Selling Today

India's eCommerce market is growing at an extraordinary pace, and businesses that establish a professional online store today are the ones that will dominate their categories tomorrow. If you want to sell products online — whether you are a small home-based seller, a growing brand, or an established retail business — Shopify is the platform that makes it possible, and Ahmad Web Works is the partner that makes it happen.

I am Mohd Ahmad, and I specialize in building complete, conversion-optimized Shopify stores that are ready to sell from day one. From store setup and design to product loading, payment integration, and SEO — I handle every aspect of your Shopify development so you can focus on your products and customers.

Why Shopify is the Best Platform for Your Online Store

With hundreds of eCommerce platforms available, why Shopify? Because it is the most proven, the most reliable, and the most seller-friendly platform on the market today.

Used by over 4 million businesses in 175+ countries worldwide

Handles payment processing, inventory, shipping, and taxes in one dashboard

Extremely secure — Shopify is Level 1 PCI DSS compliant

Scales effortlessly from 10 products to 10,000 products

Native mobile app to manage your store from your phone

Huge app ecosystem for additional functionality

Built-in analytics to track sales, traffic, and customer behaviour

SEO-friendly structure with customizable meta tags and URLs

For Indian businesses specifically, Shopify supports Razorpay, PayU, CCAvenue, Paytm, and other Indian payment gateways — making it a natural fit for selling in the Indian market.

What My Shopify Store Development Includes

Complete Store Setup

I set up your Shopify account, configure all basic settings including your store name, currency, time zone, and legal pages (privacy policy, terms of service, refund policy). Everything is configured correctly from the start.

Custom Theme Selection & Design

I select and customize a premium Shopify theme that aligns with your brand identity. Colors, fonts, layout, homepage sections, and product page design are all customized to match your brand — creating a store that looks professional and builds customer trust immediately.

Product Catalogue Setup

I upload your products with optimized titles, descriptions, images, variants (size, color, etc.), pricing, and inventory settings. Each product description is written with SEO in mind so your products can rank on Google Shopping and organic search.

Collection and Category Structure

I organize your products into logical collections and categories with SEO-optimized collection pages, making it easy for customers to browse and find what they are looking for.

Payment Gateway Integration

I integrate your preferred Indian payment gateways — Razorpay, PayU, Paytm, or others — so your customers can pay easily with UPI, credit cards, debit cards, net banking, and wallets.

Shipping & Tax Configuration

I configure shipping zones, rates, and methods for your business — whether you ship locally, nationally, or internationally. GST and tax settings are configured correctly for Indian businesses.

Mobile Optimization

Over 70% of online shopping in India happens on mobile. I ensure your Shopify store looks perfect and is easy to use on all mobile devices — smooth browsing, easy product selection, and a frictionless checkout experience.

SEO Setup for Maximum Visibility

I optimize your Shopify store for Google: product titles with keywords, meta descriptions for all pages, SEO-friendly URLs, image alt text, structured data markup, Google Search Console and Analytics integration, and XML sitemap submission.

WhatsApp Integration

I integrate a WhatsApp chat button on your store so customers can ask questions before purchasing — reducing cart abandonment and increasing conversion rates.

Google Analytics & Meta Pixel Setup

I set up Google Analytics 4 for sales tracking and Meta Pixel for Facebook and Instagram ad retargeting — essential tools for running effective paid advertising campaigns.

Speed Optimization

A slow Shopify store loses sales. I optimize your store's loading speed by compressing images, removing unnecessary apps, and implementing performance best practices.

Who Is Shopify Best For?

Home-based sellers moving to a professional online store

Retail businesses wanting to sell online alongside their physical store

Brands launching new product lines

Businesses migrating from Meesho, Amazon, or Flipkart to their own store

Dropshipping businesses

Fashion, electronics, food, beauty, and lifestyle brands

Frequently Asked Questions — Shopify Development

How long does it take to build a Shopify store?

A standard Shopify store with up to 50 products is typically completed in 10 to 20 working days. Larger catalogues or custom functionality may take longer.

Can I manage the store myself after it is built?

Yes. Shopify's dashboard is incredibly user-friendly. I provide training on adding products, processing orders, managing inventory, and running discount campaigns.

Do I need to pay for Shopify separately?

Yes. Shopify has its own subscription plans starting from approximately $29/month. This is paid directly to Shopify. My development fee is separate. I help you choose the right plan for your needs.

Can you migrate my existing store to Shopify?

Yes. I offer migration services from WooCommerce, Wix, Squarespace, and other platforms to Shopify, preserving your products, content, and SEO where possible.

Will my Shopify store rank on Google?

With proper SEO setup, yes. I optimize all product and collection pages for relevant search terms so your store has the best chance of ranking organically on Google.

Start Selling Online — Contact Mohd Ahmad

Your Shopify store is waiting to be built. Whether you have 10 products or 1,000, I will build you a professional online store that looks great, works perfectly, and sells effectively.

WhatsApp: +91 9084326728 — Let us launch your store.





PAGE 5: SEO Services — /seo-services

Title Tag: SEO Services in India | Local SEO Expert | Google Page 1 Rankings — Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description: Rank higher on Google with data-driven SEO services by Mohd Ahmad. Local SEO, on-page SEO, technical SEO, and content strategy for businesses across India. Free audit. +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: SEO services India, local SEO expert, Google ranking services, search engine optimization India

SEO Services That Get Your Business to Page 1 of Google — and Keep It There

Here is an uncomfortable truth: if your business does not appear on page 1 of Google when your potential customers are searching, you are invisible. And your competitors who do appear are getting those customers — right now, every single day.

Search Engine Optimization — SEO — is the process of making your website appear higher in Google's search results for the keywords your customers are actually using. When done right, SEO brings you a consistent, compounding stream of organic visitors who are actively looking for exactly what you offer. No paid ads. No ongoing spend per click. Just free, high-intent traffic from Google.

I am Mohd Ahmad, and SEO is one of my core specializations. I have helped businesses across India improve their Google rankings, increase organic traffic, and generate more leads and sales through strategic, white-hat SEO that delivers lasting results.

What Is SEO and Why Does Your Business Need It?

Every day, millions of Indians use Google to find local businesses, compare services, research products, and make purchase decisions. Whether someone searches 'best dentist in Aligarh,' 'Shopify developer in Delhi,' or 'buy gym equipment online,' Google returns a list of results — and businesses on page 1 get almost all the clicks.

Studies consistently show that over 90% of clicks go to results on the first page of Google. The first three results alone capture nearly 60% of all clicks. If your business is not in that top tier, you are missing the majority of your potential customers.

SEO is how you get there — and how you stay there. Unlike paid advertising that stops the moment you stop spending, SEO builds lasting equity. A page that ranks today can bring you traffic for months and years with minimal ongoing investment.

SEO Services I Offer

1. Keyword Research & Strategy

Effective SEO starts with knowing exactly what your customers are searching for. I conduct in-depth keyword research to identify the highest-value, most-realistic ranking opportunities for your business — including primary keywords, long-tail variations, local modifiers, and competitor keywords. Every SEO strategy I build starts with data, not guesswork.

2. On-Page SEO Optimization

On-page SEO is the foundation of any ranking strategy. I optimize every page of your website for maximum search visibility:

Title tags — compelling, keyword-rich titles within the optimal character count

Meta descriptions — persuasive descriptions that improve click-through rates from Google

Heading structure — proper H1, H2, H3 hierarchy with natural keyword integration

Content optimization — rewriting or expanding page content to match search intent

Internal linking — strategic links between your pages to distribute authority

Image optimization — file names and alt text with relevant keywords

URL structure — clean, keyword-rich, readable URLs

3. Technical SEO

Technical SEO ensures that Google can properly crawl, index, and understand your website. Issues like slow loading speed, duplicate content, broken links, and poor mobile performance can severely damage your rankings. I audit and fix:

Website loading speed and Core Web Vitals

Mobile-friendliness and responsive design issues

XML sitemap and robots.txt configuration

Canonical tags and duplicate content issues

Broken links and 404 errors

Schema markup and structured data implementation

HTTPS security and SSL certificate

Crawl errors in Google Search Console

4. Local SEO

If you run a local business, local SEO is the most powerful strategy available to you. I optimize your entire online presence for local Google searches — so when someone in your city searches for your type of business, you appear at the top of the results and in Google Maps.

Google Business Profile setup and full optimization

NAP consistency across all online directories

Local citation building

Geo-targeted keyword optimization for service pages

Review generation and management strategy

Google Maps ranking improvement

5. Content SEO & Strategy

Google rewards websites that consistently publish helpful, relevant, high-quality content. I develop a content strategy based on your keywords and industry — identifying blog topics, FAQ pages, and service page expansions that attract organic traffic and build your website's authority over time.

6. Link Building

Backlinks — links from other websites to yours — are one of Google's strongest ranking signals. I build high-quality, relevant backlinks through ethical outreach, guest posting, directory submissions, and digital PR — improving your domain authority and ranking power.

7. SEO Reporting & Tracking

You will always know how your SEO is performing. I provide clear, jargon-free monthly reports covering keyword rankings, organic traffic growth, Search Console data, and the activities completed. No black boxes. Full transparency.

My SEO Process — How I Deliver Results

Phase 1 — SEO Audit

I begin every SEO engagement with a comprehensive audit of your website's current state — technical health, on-page optimization, backlink profile, keyword rankings, and competitor analysis. This gives us a clear picture of where you are and exactly what needs to be done.

Phase 2 — Strategy Development

Based on the audit, I develop a customized SEO strategy with clear priorities, keyword targets, and a timeline for expected results. You review and approve the strategy before work begins.

Phase 3 — Implementation

I execute the strategy — fixing technical issues, optimizing on-page elements, creating content, and building links. Work is done in priority order for maximum early impact.

Phase 4 — Monitoring & Refinement

SEO is not set-and-forget. I monitor your rankings, traffic, and technical health continuously, making adjustments based on what the data shows. Google updates its algorithm regularly — I stay on top of changes so your rankings are protected.

How Long Does SEO Take to Show Results?

This is the most common SEO question, and I will give you an honest answer. SEO is a long-term investment. For local and lower-competition keywords, you may see significant ranking improvements in 2 to 4 months. For competitive national keywords, it can take 4 to 8 months or longer to see meaningful results.

What I can guarantee is that the work I do is ethical, white-hat, and built to last. I do not use shortcuts or black-hat tactics that might give quick results but get your website penalized by Google later. Every improvement we make builds a stronger, more durable presence in search.

Get a Free SEO Audit — Contact Mohd Ahmad

Not sure where your website stands on Google? I offer a free SEO audit for new clients. I will review your website, check your current rankings, identify the biggest issues, and give you a clear picture of the opportunity.

WhatsApp +91 9084326728 to claim your free SEO audit.





PAGE 6: Google Business Profile Optimization — /google-business-profile-optimization

Title Tag: Google Business Profile Optimization Services India | Rank on Google Maps — Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description: Get more local customers with expert Google Business Profile optimization by Mohd Ahmad. Rank in Google Maps, get more calls and visits. Serving businesses across India. +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: Google Business Profile optimization India, GMB optimization services, Google Maps ranking, local business SEO

Google Business Profile Optimization — Get Found on Google Maps and Win More Local Customers

When someone in your city searches for your type of business on Google — whether it is 'dentist near me,' 'gym in Aligarh,' or 'best restaurant in Noida' — the first thing they see is not websites. It is the Google Maps results — a box showing three local businesses with ratings, photos, and contact information. This is called the Google Local Pack, and it sits at the very top of the search results.

Businesses that appear in this 3-pack get the majority of local clicks, calls, and footfall. Those that do not? They are invisible to local searchers — even if they have a great website.

Your Google Business Profile (formerly Google My Business) is what determines whether you appear in that 3-pack. And an unoptimized or incomplete profile is leaving enormous amounts of business on the table every single day.

I am Mohd Ahmad, and Google Business Profile optimization is one of the services I am most passionate about because the impact on local businesses is immediate and measurable. Let me explain exactly what I do and why it works.

What Is Google Business Profile and Why Does It Matter?

Google Business Profile is a free tool that allows businesses to manage how they appear on Google Search and Google Maps. When properly set up and optimized, it displays your business name, address, phone number, hours, photos, reviews, website link, services, and more — all directly in Google Search before a user even visits your website.

For local businesses — restaurants, clinics, gyms, shops, service providers — a well-optimized Google Business Profile is often more impactful than a website alone. It generates calls, direction requests, and walk-in visits from people searching locally right now.

What My Google Business Profile Optimization Includes

Complete Profile Setup & Verification

I ensure your Google Business Profile is fully verified and 100% complete. An incomplete profile is penalized in rankings and loses customer trust. I fill every available field with accurate, optimized information.

Business Category Optimization

Your primary and secondary categories tell Google what type of business you are. Choosing the right categories is crucial for appearing in the right searches. I research and select the most strategic categories for your business.

NAP Consistency — Name, Address, Phone

Google cross-references your business information across the internet. Inconsistencies in your name, address, or phone number across different websites confuse Google and hurt your rankings. I audit and correct your NAP consistency across major directories.

Keyword-Optimized Business Description

Your business description is an opportunity to communicate what you do and include relevant keywords. I write a compelling, keyword-rich description that helps you rank for more local searches.

Photo & Video Optimization

Profiles with photos receive 42% more direction requests and 35% more website clicks than those without. I upload a strategic set of high-quality photos — exterior, interior, products, team, and services — and optimize each with keyword-rich file names.

Google Posts — Regular Content Updates

Google Posts are short updates that appear on your profile — similar to social media posts. Businesses that regularly publish Google Posts are rewarded with better visibility. I create and publish regular posts highlighting your offers, updates, events, and services.

Q&A Section Optimization

The Q&A section of your profile is often overlooked but extremely valuable. I seed it with the most common questions your customers ask, providing clear, keyword-rich answers that both help customers and signal relevance to Google.

Service and Product Listings

I add your complete list of services or products to your profile with detailed descriptions and pricing where applicable. This helps you appear in more specific local searches and gives customers a clear picture of what you offer.

Review Generation Strategy

Reviews are one of the most powerful ranking factors for local SEO. More positive reviews = higher rankings = more customers. I develop a practical review generation strategy — scripts, timing, and methods — to consistently grow your review count from real customers.

Attributes Setup

Google Business Profile allows you to highlight specific attributes — like 'accepts credit cards,' 'women-led business,' 'outdoor seating,' 'wheelchair accessible,' etc. I set up all relevant attributes to improve your profile's completeness and appeal.

Results You Can Expect From GMB Optimization

Appear in the Google Maps 3-Pack for local searches

Increased calls and direction requests from nearby customers

Higher visibility in 'near me' and city-specific searches

More website clicks from Google Search

Greater customer trust through an attractive, complete profile

Competitive advantage over unoptimized local competitors

Frequently Asked Questions — GMB Optimization

My business already has a Google Business Profile. Why do I need optimization?

Having a profile and having an optimized profile are two very different things. Most businesses have incomplete profiles with missing photos, unoptimized descriptions, wrong categories, and no review strategy. Optimization is what takes you from existing on Google Maps to ranking prominently on it.

How long does it take to see results?

Many businesses see improvements in their Maps rankings within 4 to 8 weeks of proper optimization, depending on competition in their area.

Do I need a physical address to have a Google Business Profile?

For most businesses, yes. Service-area businesses (those that travel to customers) can hide their address and show a service area instead.

Can you manage my GMB on an ongoing basis?

Yes. I offer ongoing GMB management including regular Google Posts, photo updates, review monitoring, and Q&A management on a monthly retainer basis.

Get Your Business on Google Maps — Contact Mohd Ahmad

Every day your competitors are getting calls from Google Maps that should be going to you. Let us change that.

WhatsApp +91 9084326728 — Start your GMB optimization today.





PAGE 7: Landing Page Design — /landing-page-design

Title Tag: High-Converting Landing Page Design Services India — Ahmad Web Works by Mohd Ahmad

Meta Description: Get a professionally designed, conversion-optimised landing page for your ads and campaigns. Built by Mohd Ahmad for maximum leads and sales. WhatsApp: +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: landing page design India, high converting landing pages, lead generation landing page, ad landing page design

High-Converting Landing Page Design — Turn Your Ad Clicks Into Real Customers

You are spending money on Google Ads or Facebook Ads. Every click costs you money. But if those clicks are landing on a generic homepage — or worse, a poorly designed page — you are throwing money away. The difference between a campaign that loses money and one that generates consistent ROI often comes down to one thing: your landing page.

A landing page is a standalone web page built for one specific purpose: to convert. No navigation menu pulling visitors away to other pages. No distractions. Just a focused, persuasive page designed to get one action from your visitor — fill a form, call you, or message you on WhatsApp.

At Ahmad Web Works, I design and develop high-converting landing pages for Indian businesses running digital advertising campaigns, product launches, webinars, or service promotions. Here is what makes my landing pages different — and effective.

What Makes a Landing Page Convert?

A high-converting landing page is not just a pretty design. It is a carefully engineered piece of communication that addresses your visitor's exact need, builds trust quickly, and makes the next step obvious and frictionless.

A Compelling Headline That Hooks Immediately

You have approximately 5 seconds to capture a visitor's attention before they leave. The headline is your most important element. I write headlines that immediately communicate your core offer and why it matters to your specific audience.

Crystal-Clear Value Proposition

Your landing page must answer three questions in the first few seconds: What is this? Who is it for? Why should I care? I ensure every landing page communicates your value proposition with absolute clarity.

Social Proof and Trust Signals

Before a visitor converts, they need to trust you. I incorporate strategically placed trust signals: testimonials, client logos, star ratings, specific results achieved, money-back guarantees, and media mentions.

A Single, Clear Call to Action

Most landing pages fail because they give visitors too many options. I design every landing page around one CTA — whether that is a form submission, WhatsApp message, phone call, or purchase. Every element on the page points toward that one action.

Mobile-First Design

Given that most ad traffic in India comes from mobile, I design landing pages mobile-first — fast loading, thumb-friendly buttons, short forms, and clean layouts that convert on small screens.

Speed Optimized

Google's data shows that each 1-second delay in page load time reduces conversions by 7%. I optimize every landing page for maximum speed — especially important for mobile ad traffic on Indian networks.

What Is Included in Every Landing Page I Build

Strategy consultation — understanding your offer, audience, and campaign goal

Professional, on-brand visual design

Copywriting for headlines, subheadings, body, and CTA

Mobile-responsive design tested on multiple devices

WhatsApp chat integration

Lead capture form with email notification

Google Analytics and conversion tracking setup

Page speed optimization

A/B test-ready structure

Thank you page after form submission

Landing Page Use Cases

Google Ads Landing Pages

If you are running Google Search campaigns, your ads should link to a dedicated landing page — not your homepage. I build Google Ads landing pages that match the intent of your target keywords and maximize Quality Score for lower cost-per-click.

Facebook and Instagram Ad Landing Pages

Social media ad traffic has a short attention span. I design visually engaging landing pages with compelling social proof that convert cold social traffic into warm leads.

Service Promotion Landing Pages

Launching a new service or seasonal offer? A dedicated landing page keeps the message focused and the conversion path clear.

Webinar and Event Registration Pages

Simple, persuasive registration pages that maximize sign-ups for online events, workshops, and webinars.

Lead Magnet Landing Pages

Offer a free guide, checklist, or consultation? I build lead magnet landing pages that exchange your valuable resource for a visitor's contact details.

Contact Mohd Ahmad for Your Landing Page

A great landing page pays for itself with the very first successful lead it generates. Stop wasting ad spend on pages that do not convert.

WhatsApp: +91 9084326728





PAGE 8: Website Speed Optimization — /website-speed-optimization

Title Tag: Website Speed Optimization Services India | Core Web Vitals Expert — Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description: Is your website slow? Mohd Ahmad fixes slow WordPress and Shopify websites, improves Google PageSpeed scores, and passes Core Web Vitals. Free speed audit. +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: website speed optimization India, Core Web Vitals optimization, improve Google PageSpeed score, fix slow website

Website Speed Optimization — Because Every Second You Wait, a Customer Leaves

Website speed is no longer just a technical concern — it is a business-critical issue that directly affects your Google rankings, your user experience, and your conversion rates. Google has officially made page speed a ranking factor for both desktop and mobile search. And the numbers are stark: 53% of mobile visitors abandon a website that takes more than 3 seconds to load.

If your website is slow, you are losing visitors before they even see your content, losing Google rankings to faster competitors, and losing sales and leads because frustrated users leave and never come back.

At Ahmad Web Works, I specialize in diagnosing the root causes of website slowness and implementing targeted fixes that deliver measurable improvements in loading speed, Google PageSpeed Insights scores, and Core Web Vitals performance.

What Are Core Web Vitals and Why Do They Matter?

Core Web Vitals are Google's set of specific metrics that measure the real-world experience of loading, interactivity, and visual stability of a web page. Since 2021, they are officially a Google ranking factor. If your website fails Core Web Vitals, your rankings suffer.

LCP — Largest Contentful Paint

Measures loading performance. LCP should occur within 2.5 seconds of when the page first starts loading. LCP above 4 seconds is considered Poor and hurts rankings.

FID / INP — Interaction to Next Paint

Measures interactivity and responsiveness — how quickly your page responds to user interactions. Should be under 200 milliseconds.

CLS — Cumulative Layout Shift

Measures visual stability — how much the page layout unexpectedly shifts while loading. A high CLS score frustrates users and signals poor quality to Google. Should be under 0.1.

I audit your website against all three Core Web Vitals and implement the specific fixes needed to move you from Failing to Passing — and ideally into the Good range on all metrics.

Common Causes of Slow Websites — and How I Fix Them

Unoptimized Images

Images are the single most common cause of slow websites. Large, uncompressed images can account for 80% of a page's total file size. I compress and convert your images to next-generation formats like WebP, implement lazy loading so images only load when needed, and set proper image dimensions to prevent layout shifts.

Too Many Plugins or Apps

WordPress and Shopify both suffer from plugin/app bloat — every additional plugin adds code that the browser must load. I audit your plugins, identify the ones causing performance issues, and replace heavy plugins with lighter alternatives or custom code where possible.

Unminified CSS and JavaScript

Every stylesheet and script file that loads on your page adds to your load time. I minify and combine CSS and JavaScript files, reducing file size and the number of server requests needed to load a page.

No Browser Caching

Without caching, every visitor's browser downloads your entire website from scratch on every visit. I implement proper browser caching so returning visitors load your site much faster.

No Content Delivery Network (CDN)

A CDN delivers your website's files from servers located close to your visitor. For a website hosted in one location, visitors from far away experience slow load times. I configure a CDN to ensure fast delivery across all of India and internationally.

Slow Hosting

The quality of your hosting significantly affects your server response time. If your website is on shared hosting with poor performance, I recommend and help you migrate to faster hosting solutions that meaningfully improve your speed.

Render-Blocking Resources

CSS and JavaScript files that block the browser from rendering the page are a major cause of poor LCP and FCP scores. I implement techniques to defer or asynchronously load non-critical resources.

Database Bloat — WordPress Specific

Over time, WordPress databases accumulate post revisions, spam comments, transient data, and orphaned records that slow down database queries. I clean and optimize your database for faster backend performance.

My Speed Optimization Process

Step 1 — Speed Audit

I run your website through Google PageSpeed Insights, GTmetrix, and WebPageTest to establish your current baseline scores and identify every performance issue, sorted by impact.

Step 2 — Prioritization

I present you with a clear list of identified issues, their impact on your score, and the recommended fixes. We agree on the scope of work.

Step 3 — Implementation

I implement all agreed fixes, testing after each significant change to measure the improvement. I work on a staging environment where possible to avoid disrupting your live website.

Step 4 — Verification

After implementation, I rerun all speed tests to verify improvements and confirm Core Web Vitals status. I provide a before-and-after report showing exactly how much improvement was achieved.

Get a Free Website Speed Audit — Contact Mohd Ahmad

Not sure how fast or slow your website is? I offer a free speed audit for new clients — I will test your website, identify the main issues, and give you an honest assessment.

WhatsApp +91 9084326728 for your free speed audit.





PAGE 9: Website Redesign Services — /website-redesign

Title Tag: Website Redesign Services India | Modern Business Website Redesign — Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description: Is your website outdated or not generating leads? Mohd Ahmad offers complete website redesign services with modern design, better SEO, and improved speed. WhatsApp: +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: website redesign services India, modern website redesign, upgrade old website, website makeover India

Website Redesign Services — Transform Your Outdated Website Into a Powerful Business Tool

Your website was probably built years ago. Back then, it might have looked fine. But the internet moves fast. Design trends change. Mobile usage has exploded. Google's ranking criteria have evolved dramatically. And your competitors have likely already upgraded.

An outdated website does more harm than you might realize. It signals to potential customers that your business may be outdated too. It loads slowly on mobile. It is not optimized for Google. It does not have the conversion elements that modern websites use to turn visitors into leads. And it may be actively hurting your search rankings.

A professional website redesign is not just a new coat of paint — it is a complete strategic rebuild that modernizes your design, improves your technical performance, strengthens your SEO, and gives your business the digital presence it deserves in 2024 and beyond.

Signs Your Website Needs a Redesign

Your website looks noticeably dated compared to competitors

It is not mobile-friendly or looks broken on smartphones

It loads slowly — more than 3 seconds on mobile

Your bounce rate is high — visitors leave almost immediately

You are not ranking on Google for your main keywords

You are getting little to no leads or inquiries through the website

You have no clear call to action on key pages

Your branding has evolved but your website has not

You feel embarrassed sharing your website URL with potential clients

If any of these sound familiar, a redesign is not an optional luxury — it is a business necessity.

What My Website Redesign Process Includes

Website Audit and Competitor Analysis

Before touching a single pixel, I audit your existing website comprehensively — design, speed, SEO health, content, user experience, and conversion elements. I also research your top competitors to understand what the benchmark looks like in your industry.

SEO Migration Planning

One of the biggest risks of a redesign is losing your existing Google rankings. I plan every SEO element of the migration carefully — mapping old URLs to new ones, setting up 301 redirects, preserving existing meta data where valuable, and ensuring Google Search Console continuity. Your rankings are protected throughout the transition.

Modern, Brand-Aligned Design

I design a fresh, modern website that reflects your current brand identity and appeals to your target customers in 2024. Clean layouts, strong typography, professional imagery, and strategic use of color and whitespace — creating an instant impression of quality and trust.

Mobile-First Rebuild

Your redesigned website will be built mobile-first — designed and tested on smartphones first, then adapted for desktop. This is not just good practice; it is what Google requires for strong mobile rankings.

Improved Site Structure and Navigation

Poor navigation is a silent conversion killer. I redesign your website's information architecture so visitors can find what they need in seconds, and so every page has a clear path toward contacting you.

Conversion Optimization

Every page of your redesigned website will have clear calls to action, strategically placed contact options, trust signals, and persuasive copy — all designed to convert more of your visitors into actual leads and customers.

Speed Optimization From the Ground Up

Unlike retrofitting speed improvements onto an old website, a redesign gives me the opportunity to build speed in from the start — choosing the right theme, limiting plugins, optimizing images, and configuring caching properly.

Full SEO Setup

The redesigned website goes live with complete on-page SEO — optimized title tags, meta descriptions, heading structure, schema markup, XML sitemap, and Google Search Console resubmission.

What Happens to My Existing Google Rankings During a Redesign?

This is the most common concern when businesses consider a redesign, and it is a legitimate one. A poorly managed redesign can destroy years of SEO progress. However, a properly managed redesign — with careful URL mapping, 301 redirects, and SEO continuity planning — will preserve your rankings and often improve them due to better technical SEO, faster speed, and improved content.

I have extensive experience managing SEO-safe website redesigns and migrations. Protecting your existing search equity is a core part of my redesign process, not an afterthought.

Contact Mohd Ahmad for a Website Redesign Consultation

If your current website is holding your business back, let us talk about what a redesign could do for you. I will review your existing website and give you an honest assessment of what improvements would have the most impact.

WhatsApp +91 9084326728 for a free redesign consultation.





PAGE 10: Website Developer in Aligarh — /website-developer-aligarh

Title Tag: Website Developer in Aligarh | SEO Expert Aligarh | Shopify Developer — Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description: Looking for a professional website developer in Aligarh? Mohd Ahmad offers website development, SEO, Shopify, and Google Business Profile optimization in Aligarh. Call: +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: website developer in Aligarh, SEO expert Aligarh, Shopify developer Aligarh, web development Aligarh

Website Developer in Aligarh — Professional Web Development, SEO & Digital Services

Are you an Aligarh business owner looking to establish a powerful online presence? Whether you run a hardware shop near Marreis Road, a coaching institute in Ramghat Road, a clinic in Civil Lines, or any other business in Aligarh — you deserve a website that brings real customers through your door.

I am Mohd Ahmad, a professional freelance website developer and SEO expert based in India, and I specialize in helping Aligarh businesses grow online. I understand the local business landscape of Aligarh — the competition, the customer behavior, and the digital opportunities that most local businesses are not yet leveraging.

From building your website from scratch to ranking it on Google for searches like 'best [your business type] in Aligarh' — I offer a complete set of digital services tailored for the Aligarh market.

Why Aligarh Businesses Need a Strong Online Presence

Aligarh's business community is competitive and growing. With a thriving lock industry, a prominent university town economy, and a rapidly urbanizing population that is increasingly going online to find products and services — the businesses that establish a strong digital presence now will have a significant advantage in the coming years.

When someone in Aligarh searches 'dentist near Ramghat Road' or 'website developer in Aligarh' on Google — does your business appear? If not, that customer is going to your competitor. My job is to make sure that changes.

Digital Services Available in Aligarh

Website Development in Aligarh

I build professional, fast-loading, mobile-friendly business websites for Aligarh businesses across all industries. Every website is SEO-optimized from the ground up, ensuring your site ranks on Google and generates consistent leads.

SEO Services in Aligarh

I offer comprehensive local SEO services to help Aligarh businesses rank on Google for their most valuable search terms. From keyword research and on-page optimization to Google Business Profile and local citation building — I cover everything needed to dominate local search.

Shopify Development in Aligarh

Are you an Aligarh-based product seller looking to expand online? I build complete Shopify stores that allow you to sell across Aligarh, across India, and internationally — with all payments, shipping, and inventory managed in one place.

Google Business Profile Optimization in Aligarh

For businesses with a physical location or service area in Aligarh, your Google Business Profile is your most powerful free marketing tool. I fully optimize your profile so you appear in Google Maps searches and the local 3-pack for relevant Aligarh searches.

Landing Page Design in Aligarh

Running local ads or campaigns targeting Aligarh customers? I design high-converting landing pages that capture leads from your advertising spend.

Website Redesign in Aligarh

If you already have a website but it is outdated or underperforming, I offer complete website redesign services that modernize your digital presence and improve your Google rankings.

Industries I Serve in Aligarh

Educational institutions, coaching institutes, and tutors

Clinics, doctors, dentists, and healthcare providers

Hardware, lock, and manufacturing businesses

Restaurants, dhabas, cafes, and food businesses

Gyms and fitness studios

Real estate agents and builders

Retail shops and local service businesses

Any other business that wants to grow online

Why Aligarh Businesses Choose Mohd Ahmad

I Understand the Local Market

I am not an out-of-town agency that treats Aligarh as just another city. I understand the local business dynamics, the customer mindset, and the specific keywords and search patterns of people in Aligarh and the surrounding areas.

Direct Communication — Always on WhatsApp

Working with me is simple and convenient. I am always reachable on WhatsApp for updates, revisions, questions, and support. No email chains, no support tickets, no waiting days for a response.

Proven Results for Local Businesses

The websites and SEO strategies I implement are designed to generate actual business results — more calls, more inquiries, more customers. I measure success by the business outcomes we achieve together.

Affordable and Transparent Pricing

I offer competitive pricing that is accessible to small and medium businesses in Aligarh, with complete transparency on costs. You know exactly what you are paying for before the project begins.

Frequently Asked Questions — Aligarh

Can you rank my business on Google in Aligarh?

Yes. I specialize in local SEO and have successfully improved Google rankings for local businesses. The timeline and results depend on your industry's competitiveness in Aligarh, but I will provide an honest assessment before we begin.

Do I need a physical meeting or can we work remotely?

Everything is handled remotely via WhatsApp, phone, and email. You do not need to visit any office. This makes it easy and convenient regardless of where in Aligarh you are located.

Do you only work with businesses in Aligarh?

No. I serve clients across all of India. But I have specific expertise and passion for helping Aligarh businesses grow, and I offer tailored local SEO strategies for the Aligarh market.

Contact Mohd Ahmad — Aligarh's Trusted Website Developer

Take your Aligarh business online today. Whether you need a new website, SEO, or Google Business Profile optimization — Ahmad Web Works is your complete digital partner.

WhatsApp: +91 9084326728 | Website: ahmadwebworks.com





PAGES 11–19: City Pages — Reusable Template for All Cities

Use the template below for all remaining city pages. Replace [CITY] with the city name. Customize the local paragraph (marked below) with 1-2 sentences specific to that city.

Title Tag Formula: Website Developer in [CITY] | SEO Expert [CITY] | Web Development Services — Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description Formula: Looking for a professional website developer in [CITY]? Mohd Ahmad offers website development, SEO, Shopify store setup, and GMB optimization for businesses in [CITY]. WhatsApp: +91 9084326728

H1 Formula: Website Developer in [CITY] — Professional Website Development, SEO & Digital Services

Template — Introduction Section

Are you a business owner in [CITY] looking for a reliable, results-driven website developer? Whether you run a startup, a growing SME, a clinic, restaurant, gym, or retail business in [CITY] — a professional website and strong Google presence are the most powerful tools you can invest in right now.

I am Mohd Ahmad, a freelance website developer and SEO expert serving clients across India including [CITY]. I build fast, mobile-friendly, and SEO-optimized websites that help [CITY] businesses attract more customers online, rank on Google, and generate consistent leads.

[CITY-SPECIFIC SENTENCE — Example for Delhi: 'With millions of Google searches happening in Delhi every day, businesses that appear on page 1 capture an enormous share of potential customers — and that is exactly what I help you achieve.']

Template — Services Section — H2: Digital Services Available in [CITY]

Website Development in [CITY]

Custom business website development for [CITY] businesses. Fast-loading, mobile-responsive, and SEO-optimized from day one. Designed to rank on Google and generate real leads from [CITY] customers.

SEO Services in [CITY]

Comprehensive local and national SEO services helping [CITY] businesses rank on Google for their target keywords. Keyword research, on-page SEO, technical SEO, local SEO, and content strategy — all covered.

Shopify Development in [CITY]

Launch or upgrade your online store with expert Shopify development. Perfect for [CITY]-based product sellers wanting to sell across India and internationally.

Google Business Profile Optimization in [CITY]

Rank your business in Google Maps for local [CITY] searches. More calls, more directions, more walk-in customers. Full profile optimization included.

Landing Page Design in [CITY]

High-converting landing pages for [CITY] businesses running Google Ads, Facebook Ads, or any digital campaign. Designed to maximize leads from every rupee spent on advertising.

Website Redesign in [CITY]

Outdated website? I offer complete redesign services for [CITY] businesses — modern design, improved speed, better SEO, and more conversions.

Template — Why Choose Section — H2: Why [CITY] Businesses Choose Ahmad Web Works

Local market expertise: I research the specific keywords, competitors, and customer behavior in [CITY] to build strategies tailored to your market. What works in one city does not automatically work in another — local understanding matters.

Direct communication: You work directly with Mohd Ahmad throughout the project. WhatsApp communication, fast responses, and no middlemen. Transparent pricing with no hidden fees and a clear timeline from day one.

Proven digital results: My websites and SEO strategies are built around one goal — growing your business. More traffic, more leads, more sales.

Template — FAQ Section

How do you serve clients in [CITY] if you are not based there?

All project communication, updates, and delivery happen remotely via WhatsApp, video calls, and email. I have successfully served clients in [CITY] and across India without any need for in-person meetings.

Can you rank my [CITY] business on Google?

Yes. I specialize in both local SEO for [CITY]-specific searches and national SEO for broader keywords. I will conduct a keyword analysis for your industry in [CITY] and develop a realistic ranking strategy.

How much does it cost?

Pricing depends on the type and scope of the project. Contact me on WhatsApp at +91 9084326728 for a free, transparent quote.

Template — CTA

Ready to grow your [CITY] business online? Contact Mohd Ahmad today.

WhatsApp: +91 9084326728 | Website: ahmadwebworks.com





PAGE 20: Website for Coaches — /website-for-coaches

Title Tag: Professional Website for Coaches & Consultants in India — Ahmad Web Works | Mohd Ahmad

Meta Description: Get a powerful coaching website that attracts clients, builds your authority, and drives bookings. Designed by Mohd Ahmad for life coaches, business coaches, and consultants. +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: website for coaches India, coaching website design, consultant website India, life coach website

Professional Websites for Coaches and Consultants — Built to Attract Clients and Build Authority

As a coach or consultant, your expertise is your product. But if potential clients cannot find you online — or if the website they land on fails to communicate your value — you are losing clients to less qualified coaches who simply have a better digital presence.

Your coaching website should do three things: establish you as an authority in your niche, speak directly to your ideal client's pain points and aspirations, and make it effortless for them to take the next step — booking a call, registering for a program, or sending an inquiry.

At Ahmad Web Works, I build websites for coaches and consultants that are not just beautiful — they are strategically designed to convert visitors into clients.

What Your Coaching Website Needs

A Powerful Personal Brand Story

Your 'about' page is often the most visited page on a coaching website. I help you craft a compelling narrative that communicates who you are, your journey, your methodology, and why clients should trust you with their transformation.

Clear Niche and Ideal Client Communication

The most effective coaching websites speak to one specific type of client. I help you identify and articulate your niche clearly so that when your ideal client lands on your website, they immediately feel 'this is for me.'

Programs and Services Pages

Detailed, persuasive pages for each of your coaching programs or services — explaining the outcomes, the process, the duration, the investment, and who it is for. Written to convert curious visitors into paying clients.

Testimonials and Case Studies

Social proof is everything in coaching. I prominently feature your client testimonials, success stories, and transformation results throughout your website to build trust and demonstrate real impact.

Booking and Inquiry Integration

I integrate a booking system (Calendly or similar) or inquiry form so potential clients can take action immediately — not put it off and forget about it.

Lead Magnet and Email Opt-In

A free resource — a checklist, workbook, or mini-course — with an email opt-in keeps you connected with potential clients who are not ready to buy immediately. I set up the opt-in page and form integration.

Blog for Authority Building

Regular blog content positions you as a thought leader in your niche and attracts organic Google traffic from people searching for advice in your area of expertise.

Local and National SEO for Coaches

I optimize your coaching website for Google — so when people search 'life coach in [city]' or 'business coach for entrepreneurs India,' your name comes up.

Types of Coaching Websites I Build

Life Coach Websites

Business Coach Websites

Executive and Leadership Coach Websites

Health and Wellness Coach Websites

Relationship Coach Websites

Career Coach Websites

NLP Practitioner Websites

Consultant and Advisor Websites

Contact Mohd Ahmad for Your Coaching Website

Your ideal clients are searching for you online right now. Make sure they find you — and that when they do, your website converts them into paying clients.

WhatsApp: +91 9084326728





PAGE 21: Website for Clinics — /website-for-clinics

Title Tag: Professional Website for Clinics & Doctors in India | Healthcare Website Design — Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description: Get a trust-building clinic website that ranks on Google and attracts new patients. Mohd Ahmad designs medical websites for doctors, dentists, and clinics across India. +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: website for clinics India, doctor website design, medical website India, healthcare website development

Professional Websites for Clinics and Healthcare Providers — Earn Patient Trust Online

Healthcare is one of the most trust-sensitive industries in the world. Before a patient books an appointment with a new doctor or clinic, they search online, read reviews, check credentials, and evaluate the website to decide if they trust the provider. A professional, comprehensive clinic website is the foundation of that trust-building process.

At Ahmad Web Works, I build websites for clinics, doctors, dentists, physiotherapists, psychologists, Ayurvedic practitioners, and all types of healthcare providers. Every website is designed to communicate professionalism, build patient confidence, and rank on local Google searches.

What I Include in Every Clinic Website

Doctor and Specialist Profiles

Detailed, credibility-building profiles for all doctors and specialists at your clinic — qualifications, experience, specializations, memberships, and a professional photo. Patients want to know who they are seeing before they book.

Services and Treatments Pages

Individual pages for each medical service or treatment you offer, written in clear, patient-friendly language. These pages also rank individually on Google for treatment-specific searches.

Online Appointment Request

An easy appointment booking or inquiry form that patients can use to request appointments from their phone — reducing the friction of calling and capturing leads outside of clinic hours.

WhatsApp Integration

A WhatsApp chat button allows patients to quickly ask questions, check availability, or confirm appointments — highly preferred by patients in India.

Patient Testimonials

Real patient reviews and testimonials displayed prominently to build trust and demonstrate the quality of care your clinic provides.

Location, Map, and Contact

Clear location information with Google Maps integration, clinic hours, phone numbers, and directions — making it easy for new patients to find and reach your clinic.

Local SEO for Medical Searches

I optimize your clinic website for local Google searches — so when someone searches 'dentist in [your city]' or 'best orthopedic clinic near me,' your clinic appears at the top.

Contact Mohd Ahmad for Your Clinic Website

A professional clinic website is the most powerful patient acquisition tool available to you. Let us build one that works.

WhatsApp: +91 9084326728





PAGE 22: Website for Restaurants — /website-for-restaurants

Title Tag: Professional Website for Restaurants & Food Businesses India — Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description: Attract more diners with a beautiful restaurant website. Mohd Ahmad builds food business websites with digital menus, reservations, and local SEO. WhatsApp: +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: website for restaurants India, restaurant website design, food business website India, restaurant local SEO

Stunning Websites for Restaurants and Food Businesses — Fill Your Tables and Grow Your Orders

Your restaurant's food might be incredible, but if your digital presence does not do it justice, you are missing a huge portion of your potential customers. Today, when someone is deciding where to eat, they go to Google first. They look for photos, menus, location, hours, and reviews. If your restaurant does not have a compelling website, you lose to the competitor that does.

At Ahmad Web Works, I build beautiful, photo-forward restaurant websites that make mouths water, make booking easy, and make finding you on Google simple.

What I Include in Every Restaurant Website

Visual Homepage That Showcases Your Food

First impressions matter enormously in the restaurant industry. I design a homepage with large, high-quality food photography, your brand story, and an immediate call to action — reserve a table or order now.

Digital Menu

A full, beautifully formatted digital menu organized by category. Updated easily through your CMS. Customers can browse your full menu before visiting or ordering.

Online Reservation or WhatsApp Booking

A reservation form or WhatsApp booking integration makes it effortless for customers to book a table directly from your website — reducing no-shows and increasing advance bookings.

Location, Map, Parking, and Hours

Clear, prominent location information with Google Maps, parking information, and opening hours. Local customers need to find you easily.

Google Business Profile Optimization

I fully optimize your Google Business Profile alongside your website — ensuring you appear prominently in 'restaurants near me' searches and Google Maps results.

Local SEO for Restaurant Searches

Keyword optimization for local searches like 'best biryani in [city],' 'family restaurant in [area],' and 'restaurant near [landmark]' — driving hungry customers from Google directly to your door.

Offers and Events Page

A page to promote special offers, seasonal menus, events, and private dining — keeping your website fresh and giving Google more content to index.

Contact Mohd Ahmad for Your Restaurant Website

Your food deserves a website that does it justice. Let us build something delicious together.

WhatsApp: +91 9084326728





PAGE 23: Website for Gyms — /website-for-gyms

Title Tag: Professional Website for Gyms & Fitness Studios India | Get More Members — Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description: Grow your gym membership with a powerful fitness website by Mohd Ahmad. Showcase facilities, memberships, and classes. Local SEO included. WhatsApp: +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: website for gyms India, gym website design, fitness studio website India, gym local SEO

Powerful Websites for Gyms and Fitness Studios — Get More Members, Train More Clients

The fitness industry in India is growing rapidly, and competition among gyms and fitness studios has never been higher. To attract new members in this environment, your gym needs more than word-of-mouth — it needs a professional website that showcases your facilities, communicates your training philosophy, and makes joining as easy as possible.

I build high-impact gym and fitness studio websites that look as strong as your members, rank on Google for local fitness searches, and convert website visitors into paying members.

What I Include in Every Gym Website

Facilities Showcase

Photo-rich pages showcasing your gym's equipment, space, amenities, and environment — giving prospective members a virtual tour before they visit.

Membership Plans Page

Clear, persuasive membership options with pricing, benefits, and a strong call to action. I design this page to make the decision to join as easy as possible.

Trainer Profiles

Build trust and credibility with professional profiles for your trainers — including their qualifications, specialties, and experience.

Class Schedule

A clean, easy-to-read class schedule so members and prospects can see what is on and when.

Transformation Gallery

Before-and-after results from real members — the most powerful conversion tool available to a gym website.

Lead Capture Form and WhatsApp CTA

Strategic lead capture forms and a WhatsApp button allow interested visitors to inquire immediately — capturing leads even outside of gym hours.

Local SEO for Gym Searches

Optimization for local searches like 'gym near me,' 'best gym in [city],' and 'fitness centre in [area]' — bringing local prospects to your website from Google.

Contact Mohd Ahmad for Your Gym Website

More members start with a better website. Let us build yours.

WhatsApp: +91 9084326728





PAGE 24: Website for Real Estate — /website-for-real-estate

Title Tag: Professional Website for Real Estate Businesses in India | Property Lead Generation — Ahmad Web Works

Meta Description: Get a real estate website that generates property leads 24/7. Mohd Ahmad builds property websites for agents, builders, and agencies across India. WhatsApp: +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: website for real estate India, property website design, real estate agent website India, property lead generation website

Professional Real Estate Websites — Generate More Property Leads Online

In real estate, leads are everything. And in 2024, most property buyers and sellers begin their journey online — searching Google for properties, agents, and developers in their target locations. Your real estate website is your 24/7 lead generation machine — if it is built right.

At Ahmad Web Works, I build real estate websites that present your properties beautifully, rank on Google for property search keywords, and capture buyer and seller leads around the clock.

What I Include in Every Real Estate Website

Property Listings

Professional property listing pages with multiple photos, detailed specifications, location maps, pricing, and WhatsApp/call CTAs. Each listing page is SEO-optimized to rank for property-specific searches.

Advanced Search and Filter

Allow visitors to filter properties by location, type, budget, and size — reducing friction and helping buyers find relevant listings faster.

Agent and Team Profiles

Professional profiles for your agents or team members with contact details, areas of expertise, and recent deals — building personal trust and brand credibility.

Lead Capture on Every Page

Strategic inquiry forms and WhatsApp CTAs on every property listing, neighborhood page, and service page — ensuring no interested visitor leaves without providing contact details.

Neighborhood and Area Guides

Content pages about the areas you specialize in — ranking for searches like 'apartments in [area]' and 'best residential areas in [city]' — driving highly targeted organic traffic.

SEO for Property Searches

Keyword optimization for buyer, seller, and investor searches in your target locations — so you appear when people search for properties in your market.

Testimonials and Case Studies

Client testimonials and successful deal case studies that build trust and demonstrate your track record.

Contact Mohd Ahmad for Your Real Estate Website

The property market never sleeps — neither should your lead generation. Let us build a website that works for you around the clock.

WhatsApp: +91 9084326728





PAGE 25: Portfolio — /portfolio

Title Tag: Portfolio — Website Development & SEO Projects | Ahmad Web Works by Mohd Ahmad

Meta Description: Browse the portfolio of Mohd Ahmad at Ahmad Web Works. Real website development, Shopify, SEO, and landing page projects for businesses across India. See the results.

Focus Keywords: web developer portfolio India, website design portfolio, Mohd Ahmad portfolio

Our Portfolio — Real Websites. Measurable Results. Built for Indian Businesses.

Every project in this portfolio represents a real business with a real challenge — and a real digital transformation. These are not template demos or fake mockups. These are live websites and SEO strategies built by Mohd Ahmad at Ahmad Web Works for clients across India.

Browse through our work below and see the quality, strategic thinking, and attention to detail that goes into every Ahmad Web Works project. Whether you are looking for website design inspiration, SEO case studies, or Shopify store examples — you will find it here.

Portfolio Categories

All Projects

Business Websites

Shopify eCommerce Stores

Landing Pages

SEO Projects

Website Redesigns

What You Will See in Each Portfolio Case Study

Every portfolio project page at Ahmad Web Works includes the full story of the project — not just a screenshot of the final design.

The Business and the Challenge

Who the client is, what industry they are in, and what specific challenges they were facing before the project began — whether that was an absence of online presence, poor Google rankings, a slow website, or an underperforming eCommerce store.

The Solution Delivered

What Ahmad Web Works built or implemented — the type of website, the features included, the SEO strategy deployed, the technical improvements made, and the tools and platforms used.

Technologies Used

A clear breakdown of the platforms, plugins, tools, and technologies used in the project — for technically minded clients who want to understand what goes into the work.

The Results Achieved

Where possible and with client permission, I share concrete results — Google ranking improvements, organic traffic growth, PageSpeed score before and after, conversion rate improvements, and lead generation outcomes. Real numbers from real projects.

Live Site Link

Where the client has permitted it, a link to view the live website so you can see the work in full, real-world context.

Why a Strong Portfolio Matters When Choosing a Web Developer

Choosing a website developer is one of the most important decisions you will make for your business's online presence. A strong portfolio is the most reliable indicator of a developer's capabilities, style, and reliability. At Ahmad Web Works, I am proud to share our work because the results speak for themselves.

If you want to see a specific type of project that is not yet in the portfolio — a website in your industry, a Shopify store in your niche, or an SEO case study in your city — reach out on WhatsApp and I will discuss what I have done in similar spaces.

Ready to Become Our Next Success Story?

Your project could be the next case study in this portfolio. More importantly, your business could be generating more leads, more traffic, and more revenue through a professionally built and optimized digital presence.

Contact Mohd Ahmad today: WhatsApp +91 9084326728





PAGE 26: Contact — /contact

Title Tag: Contact Ahmad Web Works | Hire Mohd Ahmad — Website Developer & SEO Expert India

Meta Description: Get in touch with Mohd Ahmad for website development, SEO, Shopify development, or Google Business Profile services. WhatsApp or email today. +91 9084326728

Focus Keywords: hire website developer India, contact web developer, Ahmad Web Works contact, Mohd Ahmad contact

Contact Ahmad Web Works — Let's Build Something Great Together

Whether you have a clear project in mind or you are still figuring out what you need, I am here to help. Reach out to Mohd Ahmad directly for a free, no-obligation conversation about your business and digital goals. No pressure, no sales pitch — just an honest discussion about how I can help.

How to Get in Touch

WhatsApp — Preferred and Fastest

The fastest way to reach me is via WhatsApp. Send me a message at +91 9084326728 and I typically respond within a few hours during working hours. You can message me about any of my services — website development, SEO, Shopify, GMB optimization, or anything else.

WhatsApp Message Suggestion: 'Hi Mohd Ahmad, I found Ahmad Web Works online and I am interested in [website development / SEO / Shopify / GMB]. Can we have a quick conversation?'

Phone Call

Prefer to talk directly? Call me at +91 9084326728 during business hours (Monday to Saturday, 9am to 7pm).

Inquiry Form

Fill out the inquiry form below and I will get back to you within 24 hours with a response and next steps.

Inquiry Form Fields

Full Name

Phone Number (WhatsApp preferred)

Email Address

Service Required: Website Development / Shopify Store / SEO Services / Google Business Profile Optimization / Landing Page Design / Website Speed Optimization / Website Redesign / Multiple Services / Not Sure Yet

Your Budget Range (Optional): Under 10,000 / 10,000 to 25,000 / 25,000 to 50,000 / 50,000+

Tell Me About Your Project (Brief description of your business and what you need)

How Did You Find Ahmad Web Works? (Google / Referral / Social Media / Other)

Service Areas

I work with businesses remotely across all of India. Currently serving clients in:

Aligarh — Primary Service Area

Delhi & NCR — Delhi, Noida, Gurugram, Ghaziabad, Faridabad

Mumbai & Pune — Maharashtra

Bengaluru — Karnataka

Hyderabad — Telangana

Chennai — Tamil Nadu

Ahmedabad — Gujarat

Pan India — All other cities and locations served remotely

What Happens After You Contact Me?

Step 1 — Initial Response (Within a Few Hours)

I respond to every inquiry personally — not a bot, not an assistant. I read your inquiry and respond with relevant questions or an initial assessment.

Step 2 — Discovery Conversation

We have a brief conversation — by WhatsApp, call, or video — where I learn about your business, your goals, your target audience, and your timeline.

Step 3 — Proposal and Quote

Based on our conversation, I prepare a clear proposal with scope of work, timeline, and pricing. Everything in writing, no surprises.

Step 4 — Project Kickoff

Once you are happy with the proposal and we agree to move forward, the project begins. I keep you updated at every stage.

Frequently Asked Questions — Contact and Process

Do I need to pay anything upfront?

Yes, I require a partial advance payment before the project begins. The exact advance percentage is discussed and agreed in the proposal. This is standard practice and protects both parties.

How do we communicate during the project?

Primarily via WhatsApp for quick updates and questions. For design reviews, I send previews via link or screenshots. For video reviews, we can do a brief screen share call.

Can I request changes to the design?

Yes. Every project includes a revision cycle. The number of included revisions is specified in the proposal. Additional revisions beyond the included amount are accommodated at a reasonable additional charge.

Do you offer EMI or payment plans?

For larger projects, I am open to discussing staged payment structures. Contact me on WhatsApp to discuss.

One Last Thing — A Personal Note From Mohd Ahmad

I started Ahmad Web Works because I saw too many small businesses in India struggling online — not because their product or service was bad, but because they did not have the right digital presence to reach their customers. I am passionate about changing that, one business at a time.

When you work with me, you are not just hiring a website developer. You are getting a digital partner who genuinely cares about your business succeeding online. I put that commitment into every project I take on.

I look forward to hearing from you.

— Mohd Ahmad, Founder | Ahmad Web Works | +91 9084326728





GLOBAL SEO ELEMENTS — Schema, Footer, Blog Topics

LocalBusiness Schema Markup — Add to Homepage <head>

{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "LocalBusiness",
  "name": "Ahmad Web Works",
  "founder": {
    "@type": "Person",
    "name": "Mohd Ahmad"
  },
  "telephone": "+91-9084326728",
  "url": "https://ahmadwebworks.com",
  "description": "Ahmad Web Works is a professional freelance digital agency run by Mohd Ahmad, offering website development, SEO, Shopify store development, and Google Business Profile optimization for businesses across India.",
  "areaServed": ["Aligarh", "Delhi", "Noida", "Gurugram", "Mumbai", "Bengaluru", "Chennai", "Pune", "Hyderabad", "Ahmedabad", "India"],
  "hasOfferCatalog": {
    "@type": "OfferCatalog",
    "name": "Digital Services",
    "itemListElement": [
      {"@type": "Offer", "itemOffered": {"@type": "Service", "name": "Website Development"}},
      {"@type": "Offer", "itemOffered": {"@type": "Service", "name": "SEO Services"}},
      {"@type": "Offer", "itemOffered": {"@type": "Service", "name": "Shopify Development"}},
      {"@type": "Offer", "itemOffered": {"@type": "Service", "name": "Google Business Profile Optimization"}},
      {"@type": "Offer", "itemOffered": {"@type": "Service", "name": "Landing Page Design"}}
    ]
  },
  "contactPoint": {
    "@type": "ContactPoint",
    "telephone": "+91-9084326728",
    "contactType": "Customer Service",
    "availableLanguage": ["English", "Hindi"]
  }
}

Footer Content — Global (All Pages)

Column 1 — About Ahmad Web Works

Ahmad Web Works is a professional freelance digital agency run by Mohd Ahmad. We specialize in website development, SEO, Shopify stores, and Google Business Profile optimization for businesses across India. Real results. Transparent pricing. Direct communication.

Column 2 — Our Services

Website Development

Shopify Store Development

SEO Services

Google Business Profile Optimization

Landing Page Design

Website Speed Optimization

Website Redesign Services

Column 3 — Locations We Serve

Aligarh | Delhi | Noida

Gurugram | Mumbai | Pune

Bengaluru | Hyderabad

Chennai | Ahmedabad

Pan India — All Cities

Column 4 — Contact Us

Mohd Ahmad — Founder

Phone / WhatsApp: +91 9084326728

Website: ahmadwebworks.com

WhatsApp Button: Chat Now on WhatsApp

Footer Bottom Line

© 2024 Ahmad Web Works. All Rights Reserved. Designed & Developed by Mohd Ahmad.

Floating WhatsApp Button — Global

Button Text: Chat with Us

Tooltip: Hi! How can Mohd Ahmad help your business today?

Pre-filled WhatsApp Message: Hi Mohd Ahmad, I visited ahmadwebworks.com and I am interested in your services. Can we discuss?

Phone Number: +91 9084326728

Recommended Blog Topics — SEO Content Calendar (First 10 Posts)

High Search Volume Topics

1. How Much Does a Website Cost in India in 2024? (A Complete Price Guide)

   Target keywords: website cost India 2024, website price India, how much website development costs

2. WordPress vs Shopify: Which is Better for Your Business in India?

   Target keywords: WordPress vs Shopify India, which platform for website India

3. What is Google Business Profile and Why Every Indian Business Needs It in 2024

   Target keywords: Google Business Profile India, GMB setup India, Google My Business

4. How to Rank Your Business on Google Maps in India — Step by Step Guide

   Target keywords: rank on Google Maps India, local SEO Google Maps India

5. 10 Signs Your Business Website Needs a Redesign (And What to Do About It)

   Target keywords: website redesign India, outdated website signs

6. What is SEO and Why Does Your Indian Business Need It? (Beginner's Guide)

   Target keywords: what is SEO India, SEO for small business India, SEO beginner guide

7. How Long Does SEO Take to Show Results? (Honest Answer for Indian Businesses)

   Target keywords: how long does SEO take India, SEO timeline India

8. Shopify vs WooCommerce for Indian Sellers — Which Should You Choose?

   Target keywords: Shopify vs WooCommerce India, best ecommerce platform India

9. How to Get Your Business on the First Page of Google in India

   Target keywords: rank first page Google India, page 1 Google India

10. Top 7 Website Mistakes That Are Costing Indian Businesses Customers

    Target keywords: website mistakes India, common website errors business



— END OF DOCUMENT —

Ahmad Web Works | Mohd Ahmad | +91 9084326728 | ahmadwebworks.com

